hey guys welcome back to the toy box
collectibles mind if it's cupcake and
I'm here with my husband red hey how's
it going guys it's red and today we're
going to be unboxing some more tokidoki
royal pride line boxes yes we got these
from the tokidoki site for nine dollars
yep and there are black boxes we have
opened a set of blind boxes before on
the channel so these are a second batch
that we're opening for you guys yep and
I stated before these are not for three
years or younger these are collectibles
and not toys yeah so actually it shows
all of the characters that you can get
are on this box so last time we got the
lion and yeah too bad he didn't come
with those awesome I know I was like
wait a minute he didn't have those alive
and he had a knife instead of a money
bag look at that it was this brother
maybe yeah um but like red said we
purchased these from the tokidoki
website and we'll supply a link in the
description if you guys are interested
in purchasing them yourself yes but do
you want to go ahead and open yours
first okay sweet what are we gonna open
I don't believe we don't get any repeat
yep mom nice biggest er the lion head
whoa that's a kitty clean little crowns
so cute yeah it's like a small little
purse it's a clutch oh sorry
called a clutch I don't know about
clutches all these different things you
women have adorable I love the design of
these little guys yeah that's cool
that's like little tokidoki logo
earrings like tattoos on yeah that's
pretty cool aren't you open yours oh
yeah open mine out see what I got oh
brother
yeah whoa that's an awesome chain well
looks like he's from the 70s look at
that we've been wearing the leather vest
yeah he reminds me of like a character
out of the Warriors yeah I can do that
and he's ready to do some whoopin with
that change yeah this is really cool
awesome so if you guys would like to see
the previous to that we open from the
previous episode they are different from
these so be sure to go ahead and check
those out let us know in the comment
section below which one's your favorite
mine is this guy she's so cute and
dainty there's total polar opposite
yeah really awesome it's really cool
yeah I like it I like this series let us
know you guys enjoyed this and if you
would like to see us unbox some more I'm
sorry buddy that's too big of a head
it's big-headed so let us know if you
want us to open more of these leave a
like if you enjoyed the video and be
sure to subscribe to stay updated on all
the cool toys that we unbox yes but
thank you guys so much for watching and
stay tuned for more toys